Add Webservice tutorial in (Modules) extension concept section (#1410)
PrestaShop/docs: modules/concepts/webservice/_index.md

class Article extends ObjectModel
{
    public $title;
    public $type;
    public $content;
    public $meta_title;

    /**
     * @see ObjectModel::$definition
     */
    public static $definition = array(
        'table' => 'article',
        'primary' => 'id_article',
        'multilang' => true,
        'fields' => array(
            'title' => array('type' => self::TYPE_STRING, 'validate' => 'isCleanHtml', 'required' => true, 'size' => 255),
            'type' => array('type' => self::TYPE_STRING, 'validate' => 'isCleanHtml', 'required' => true, 'size' => 255),

            // Lang fields
            'content' => array('type' => self::TYPE_HTML, 'lang' => true, 'validate' => 'isCleanHtml', 'size' => 4000),
            'meta_title' => array('type' => self::TYPE_STRING, 'lang' => true, 'validate' => 'isCleanHtml', 'size' => 255)
        )
    );

  protected $webserviceParameters = array(
    'objectNodeName' => 'article',
    'objectsNodeName' => 'articles',
    'fields' => array(
      'title' => array('required' => true),
      'type' => array('required' => true),
      'content' => array(),
      'meta_title' => array(),
    )
  );
}
```

> The `$webserviceParameters` is mandatory to define how and which fields to expose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$webserviceParameters` array is mandatory to define how and which fields to expose.
```

> The name to access to all the elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key to access all the elements:
```

```php
'objectsNodeName' => 'articles'
```

> The name to access to the single element:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key to access a single element:
```

```php
'objectNodeName' => 'articles'
```

The parameter to set which fields to expose through the webservice and settings for each of them:
```php
'fields' => array()
```

### Register it through the addWebserviceResources hook
The hook `addWebserviceResources` must be registered by your module, usually done during the module installation.
```php
public function hookAddWebserviceResources($params)
{
  return [
    'articles' => array(
        'description' => 'Blog articles', 
        'class' => 'Acme\MyModule\Models\Article',
        'forbidden_method' => array('DELETE') // optional
    )
  ];
}
```

### Composer configuration to use namespaces in your ObjectModel entity

To correctly load your class (Entity) you need to configure correctly your composer.json

> The follow is an example of correct configuration to load your entities in whatever folder you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of a correct configuration to load your entities in whatever folder you want.
```

PS: Remember to create the respective table(s) in the database, usually created during the module installation.
```php
<?php
// modules/yourmodule/src/Entity/Article.php

class Article extends ObjectModel
{
    public $title;
    public $type;
    public $content;
    public $meta_title;

    /**
     * @see ObjectModel::$definition
     */
    public static $definition = array(
        'table' => 'article',
        'primary' => 'id_article',
        'multilang' => true,
        'fields' => array(
            'type' => array('type' => self::TYPE_STRING, 'validate' => 'isCleanHtml', 'required' => true, 'size' => 255),
            'date_add' => ['type' => self::TYPE_DATE, 'validate' => 'isDate'],
            'date_upd' => ['type' => self::TYPE_DATE, 'validate' => 'isDate'],

            // Lang fields
            'title' => array('type' => self::TYPE_STRING, 'validate' => 'isCleanHtml', 'required' => true, 'size' => 255),
            'content' => array('type' => self::TYPE_HTML, 'lang' => true, 'validate' => 'isCleanHtml', 'size' => 4000),
            'meta_title' => array('type' => self::TYPE_STRING, 'lang' => true, 'validate' => 'isCleanHtml', 'size' => 255)
        )
    );

>   protected $webserviceParameters = array(
>     'objectNodeName' => 'article',
>     'objectsNodeName' => 'articles',
>     'fields' => array(
>       'title' => array('required' => true),
>       'type' => array('required' => true),
>       'content' => array(),
>       'meta_title' => array(),
>     )
>   );

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    protected $webserviceParameters = array(
      'objectNodeName' => 'article',
      'objectsNodeName' => 'articles',
      'fields' => array(
          'title' => array('required' => true),
          'type' => array('required' => true),
          'content' => array(),
          'meta_title' => array(),
        )
    );
```

}
```

The `$webserviceParameters` array is mandatory to define how and which fields to expose.

The key to access all the elements:
```php
'objectsNodeName' => 'articles'
```

The key to access a single element:
```php
'objectNodeName' => 'articles'
```

The parameter to set which fields to expose through the webservice and settings for each of them:
```php
'fields' => array()
```

> ### Register it through the addWebserviceResources hook

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Registration with a hook
```

> The hook `addWebserviceResources` must be registered by your module, usually done during the module installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The hook `addWebserviceResources` must be registered and implemented by your module.
```

```php
public function hookAddWebserviceResources($params)
{

>   return [
>     'articles' => array(
>         'description' => 'Blog articles', // The description for who access to this resource through WS
>         'class' => 'Article', // The classname of your Entity
>         'forbidden_method' => array('DELETE') // optional if you want to forbid some methods
>     )
>   ];

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    return [
      'articles' => [
          'description' => 'Blog articles', // The description for those who access to this resource through WS
          'class' => 'Article', // The classname of your Entity
          'forbidden_method' => array('DELETE') // Optional, if you want to forbid some methods
      ]
    ];
```

}
```

### Load your entity
Don't forget to include the class file of your entity (i.e. Article.php) at the top of your main module file.

> The following is an example of a correct configuration to load your entities in whatever folder you want.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is an example of a correct configuration to load your example entity to your module.
```

```php

> include_once dirname(__FILE__).'/src/Entity/Article.php';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
include_once _PS_MODULE_DIR_ . 'wsarticle/src/Entity/Article.php';
```

```

### Complete example of a main module file

```php
<?php

if (!defined('_PS_VERSION_')) {
    exit;
}

> include_once dirname(__FILE__).'/src/Entity/Article.php';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
include_once _PS_MODULE_DIR_ . 'wsarticle/src/Entity/Article.php';
```

        $this->bootstrap = true;

        parent::__construct();

        $this->displayName = $this->getTranslator()->trans('Extend WS demo module', array(), 'Modules.Wsarticle.Admin');
    }

    public function install()
    {
        return parent::install() &&
            $this->installDB() && // Create tables in the DB
            $this->registerHook('addWebserviceResources'); // Register the module to the hook
    }

    public function installDB()
    {
        $sql = 'CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `'._DB_PREFIX_.Article::$definition['table'].'` (
            `id_article` int(10) unsigned NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
            `type` varchar(255),
            `date_add` datetime NOT NULL,
            `date_upd` datetime NOT NULL,
            PRIMARY KEY  (`id_article`)
        ) ENGINE='._MYSQL_ENGINE_.' DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb4 COLLATE=utf8mb4_general_ci';

        $sql_lang = 'CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `'._DB_PREFIX_.Article::$definition['table'].'_lang` (
            `id_article` int(10) unsigned NOT NULL,
            `id_lang` int(10) unsigned NOT NULL,
            `title` varchar(255),
            `content` text NOT NULL,

>             `meta-title` varchar(255) NOT NULL,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            `meta_title` varchar(255) NOT NULL,
```

            PRIMARY KEY  (`id_article`, `id_lang`)
        ) ENGINE='._MYSQL_ENGINE_.' DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb4 COLLATE=utf8mb4_general_ci';

        if (Db::getInstance()->execute($sql) && Db::getInstance()->execute($sql_lang)) {
            return true;
        }
        
        return false;
    }

    public function hookAddWebserviceResources($params)
    {
        return [
            'articles' => array(

>                 'description' => 'Blog articles', // The description for who access to this resource through WS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                'description' => 'Blog articles', // The description for those who access to this resource through WS
```

                'class' => 'Article', // The classname of your Entity

>                 'forbidden_method' => array('DELETE') // optional if you want to forbid some methods

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                'forbidden_method' => array('DELETE') // Optional, if you want to forbid some methods
```

            )
        ];
    }
}
```

### Final notes

> Following the example above, the new resource will be available in the webservices resources list:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Following the example above, the new resource will be available in the webservice resources list:
```

{{< figure src="../img/new-ws-resource.png" title="New Webservice resource" >}}

> And will be accessible through your api url, plus the name that you've decided in `objectsNodeName`, for instance:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This new resource will be accessible through your API endpoint behind the name that you set in `objectsNodeName`, for instance:
```

`https://mywebsite.shop/api/articles`

> will give you something similar(in browser):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will return something similar to what you can see on the screenshot below (it is the XML response previewed in the browser):
```

{{< figure src="../img/empty-articles.png" title="Webservice articles list (empty)" >}}

> And something similar when you have articles in database:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And something like on the next screenshot, if you have articles in the database:
```
